docs: Document enhanced validation feature (#1433)
hashicorp/terraform-ls: docs/validation.md

# Validation

> The language server produces various types of diagnostics on type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language server produces various types of diagnostics as you type.
```

> 

Reviewer: I agree it's not necessary here

## HCL syntax

> Since `v0.8.0` we report invalid [HCL syntax](https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl/blob/main/spec.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in `v0.8.0` we report diagnostics for invalid [HCL syntax](https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl/blob/main/spec.md),
```

for example missing `}`, `"` or other "control characters" out of place.

![invalid HCL syntax](./images/validation-rule-hcl.png)

> HCL syntax alone does _not_ consider the Terraform language with all its (in)valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCL syntax alone does _not_ account for the Terraform language with all its (in)valid
```

> keywords, block or attribute names etc. nor differences between Terraform versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords, block or attribute names etc. nor differences between Terraform versions, that is handled elsewhere.
```

## Early Validation

> Since `v0.32.0` we additionally report selected invalid Terraform language constructs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in `v0.32.0` we report additional diagnostics for selected invalid Terraform language constructs
```
